HW05:  WebGL
Kathy Grimes
CSCI 5239
Based off of CSCI 5239 EX08 with additions from HW04(and EX06)
Also used many web resources including:
https://webglfundamentals.org/webgl/lessons/webgl-3d-textures.html

HW Requirements:
Create a program that allows a scene to be viewed in 3D from any direction
under user control using WebGL.

At a minumum you need to add lighting and textures to Ex 8 and draw a different
3D solid object.

You may use Apple's CanvasMatrix library of functions provided in class or an
equivalent library to provide the transformation functions needed since I am
assuming that you know how to do transformations from the previous class.
However, you may NOT use libraries to create the objects.  The purpose of this
assignment is to give you some exposure to how objects are built in OpenGL ES.

You MAY NOT use the Three.js library or equivalent packages that does all the
OpenGL calls for you.  The reason is that it abstracts the objects and controls
to the extent that you never see WebGL.  I want you to see how WebGL actually
uses OpenGL ES 2.0.

There are a lot of new things to cope with here (HTML, Javascript and OpenGL
ES), so I don't expect you to draw a very complex scene, but I do want you to
make sure you can explain every line of code.

Run:
   unzip
   chrome.exe --allow-file-access-from-files hw05.html
   (or you can double click the hw05.html with 'Edge' browser).  
   (Was not able to try it with firefox as I did not have this on my Windows computer)
   (you should only see the smiley texture on one side as I didn't want it on every face)
   
Time:
16 hours.  I got stuck many times as I was mostly confused on the switch to using javascript
and then having everything in one file.  It also took me a really long time to figure out why
my normals weren't properly working for the 'K' (didn't loop enough even though I thought I 
had properly calculated it out.  It also took quite some time to figure out the "K" vertices.
Once I figured out I could reuse the majority of my hwk4 code for the vert/frag, it was much easier
to get going because I had the naming structure figured out.  One thing I still haven't figured out
is why the K is flipped from what I thought it should look.  The side with the red I had originally
planned to be the front.  I'm sure it is something obvious, but nothing popped out at me.